---
id: neddi
title: Neddi
subTitle: Frontend consultant | 2024-now
body: >
  👨‍💻 Working on a project related to delivering teaching supplies to schools all over Europe
type: project
image: /images/neddi.jpeg
goto: https://neddi.com
---

# Procurement and learning brought together in one seamless platform

After working on the Telenor project for about 4 years, my journey as a consultant continues at Neddi, where I've been developing a solution for managing the supply chain of teaching materials. The people over at Neddi are a joy to work with, and we're collaborating really well to develop this product.

The project involves internationalization, role management and processing orders through ERP systems. I've been contributing mostly though frontend code and UX discussions, as well as a bit of system design.

The frontend codebase is a Remix app, so this is my first time really properly trying out Remix - and I've got to say that I enjoy it a lot. I think I might prefer the server/client divide in Remix over NextJS. It's a bit more straight forward. It's also my first time working with internationalization, which we do using `i18next`.

Working with multiple user roles in regards to authorization has also been a new experience, but this too has been pretty straight forward so far. I think the most annoying part about working with an app that behaves very differently according to which roles the user has is just testing and tuning everything properly from a ux perspective - which can be hard.
